Render Secrets on top of Intended Configuration (#339)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/dev/dev_adr.md

## Git Actions

The data source contract is used for reading from Git, but extended for pushing to Git.

## Configuration Postprocessing

Intended configuration generated by Golden Config Intended feature is designed for comparing to the "running" configuration (assuring compliance comparing to the backup configuration). Using the default Intended configuration for remediation/provisioning of a network device configuration is not always possible. For instance, no secrets should be rendered to the Intended configuration, as it is stored in Git/Database, or maybe some reordering of commands is required to create a valid configuration artifact.

The PROCESSING feature, that is enabled as a Dynamic Application Feature, exposes a single device UI and API view to manipulate the Intended configuration available for Golden Config, with extra processing steps. There are some default functions (i.e. `render_secrets`), but the order can be changed or new methods can be inserted, via Nautobot configuration settings.

> !!! Note

Reviewer: I was expecting to see here things like:

- there can be multiple functions it is processed by, and in order
- You mention single device at a time, but good to explain why, eg for fear of scaling 
- Only expose some of the jinja filters
- why the signature is the way it is

Author: resolved in f0a938b

All the functions used in the post-processing chain require a consitent signature:
`func(config_postprocessing: str, configs: models.GoldenConfig, request: HttpRequest) -> str`.

- `config_postprocessing: str`: it's the reference configuration to use as template to render.
- `configs: models.GoldenConfig`: it contains reference to other configs (backup) that could be used to create remediation, and it contains the `Device` object to identify the GraphQL information to take from.
- `request: HttpRequest`: it could contain special query params, and for the `render_secrets` one, it contains information about the `User` requesting it, to validate the permissions.

Finally, it always returns the processing from the `config_processing`.

The API view, under the path `config-postprocessing`, uses custom permissions, named `ConfigPushPermissions`, which ensures the user has general permissions for `nautobot_golden_config.view_goldenconfig`, and specific permissions to view the `Device` object requested.

### Renders Secrets

> It was decided to restrict the usage of Jinja filters to only the ones related to getting Nautobot secrets values (defined here), plus the `encrypt_type5` and `encrypt_type7` from Netutils. Remember that this function is not defined to replace the regular Jinja rendering done for creating the Intended configuration, only to add secrets information on the fly. This avoids undesired behavior on this synchronous operation.

Author: ```suggestion
It was decided to restrict the usage of Jinja filters to only the ones related to getting Nautobot secrets values (defined here), plus the `encrypt_type5` and `encrypt_type7` filter from Netutils. Remember that this function is not defined to replace the regular Jinja rendering done for creating the Intended configuration, only to add secrets information on the fly. This avoids undesired behavior on this synchronous operation.
```

> This functions does an extra permission validation, to check if the requesting user has permissions to view the `SecretsGroup` requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function performs an additional permission validation, to check if the requesting user has permissions to view the `SecretsGroup` requested.
```
